# Problem Statement

## Formulation

Conway’s Game of Life is a two-dimensional zero-player game invented by mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970. The purpose of this game is to observe the evolution of a cell system, starting from an initial configuration, by introducing rules regarding the death and creation of new cells in the system. This evolutionary system is Turing-complete.

The state of a system is described by the cumulative state of its component cells, and for these, we have the following rules:

1. **Underpopulation**: Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbors dies in the next generation.
2. **Live Cell Continuity**: Any live cell with two or three live neighbors survives to the next generation.
3. **Overpopulation**: Any live cell with more than three live neighbors dies in the next generation.
4. **Reproduction**: Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbors becomes a live cell in the next generation.
5. **Dead Cell Continuity**: Any other dead cell remains dead.

The neighbors of a cell are considered to be the following 8 in a two-dimensional matrix:

```
a00 a01 a02
a10 current cell a12
a20 a21 a22
```

## Requirements

### Requirement 0x00

Create a program that simulates Conway’s Game of Life for a given number of generations, starting from an initial configuration provided as input. The program should output the final configuration of the system.

### Requirement 0x01

Develop a program that encrypts a given message using a key generated by concatenating the binary representation of the ASCII values of the characters in the key. The encrypted message should be displayed in hexadecimal.

### Requirement 0x02

Refactor the program from Requirement 0x00 so that the input is read from a file named `in.txt` and the output is written to a file named `out.txt`, using C language functions.


## Inputs and outputs
For the following test:
18
18
14
0
1
0
2
1
0
2
2
2
3
12
13
12 
14
12 
15
12 
16
13 
12
13 
13
16
17
17
16
17
17
1
0
mastodont

The output, for each query, is:
![image]

